Events page
  FACs 
    create new events 
    needs to be able to find overlapping time slots for first two readers
      must be able to generate list of availible time slots between the first two readers
        This will give a set of starting points. Since the first and second readers MUST be present for the Oral
        Thus ensuring that they will be there
        PROBLEM: This doesn't give a lot of wiggle room for special cases? I can't think of any right now, but I'm sure it will happen.
    free times must be searchable both ways
      can look up list of availible times for a certain professor
      can look up list of availible professors for a certain availible time slot
    filters
      For example, if the fourth reader must be OUTSIDE the department, then eliminate any professors within the department
      each datapoint can have a set of attributes attached
        in terms of python implementation. Like we can have different Class for professors vs students, and each person is an instance of their respective class
        this means that professor and students can have different functions. 
        Facs will be able to see all this activity 
  Professors
    Upload their own schedule
    Get notified of their Orals schedules (formatted? Probably not. Definitely a least concern thing for now)
  Students
    Yeah we get no say, I would like to call for a people's revolution please?
    
Upload page
  allows professors to upload their schedules
    Can handle
      Google Calendar
      iCal
      Outlook? Does anyone use this? What if they just get an error message that says "please switch to something else"
      What if someone does not have a digital calendar?
        Manual input, check all time slots where they are availible
  Interface
    do we want a calendar looking sort of thing? Or will this just be a boring page of lists. The second one is easier, but a lot less intuitive
Main page
  For the FACs
  need to make sure every student is accounted for. So they can see list of students without scheduled orals, and work on those
  mainly a searchable interface
  (OPTIONAL) maybe have a way of viewing every Oral by Department or whatever? 
Data entry
  Will the FACs be required to manually enter in data for every single student? Can we make this easier for the FACs by making each student do it for themselves?
  This may be more complicated. OPTIONAL

OPTIONAL THINGS THAT WOULD BE SUPER COOL TO HAVE BUT TIME AND ABILITY IS A CRUEL CONSTRAINT
  Option for students to request readers themselves
    student would be able to search the database for professors with time slots that match that of their first and second readers
    If we want to get ~super~ fancy, we can have the student talk about the general gist of their thesis so professors could know what they are agreeing to when they become readers
  Professors can input "interests", so they can get requests for thesis that relate to something they are interested in/ have knowledge about
  The world is your oyster, albeit a small and shriveled oyster that is lacking in ability and is on the verge of death, but an oyster. 
  
